primary customer of this solution are existing bank customers who act a a suppliers to large number of companies. we will refer to this customer as a receivable customer and companies they supply goods and services as payors. mvp of this solution will use ach pre approved debit. process will start with receivable customer setting up payors. they will provide the details of individuals who will be responsible for managing invoice portal for a payor. after payor admin users successfuly complete okta user registration and setup password and mfa they will proceed to adding new users if needed or seting up perissions for users or approval rules. business process related to invoicing and payments starts when receivable customer uploads invoice file. after that they will be able to select set of invoices based on their due date and send to payors for approval. payor users receive notification that new invoices are avaiilable for approval, they login to the invoicing portal and approve invoices. if needed second approver approves invoices - approval rules for number of approvers are based on amoutn tiers. after invoice is approved , receivable user will be able to select list of approved invoices that have not yet been sumbited and create a ach payment file. this will then be sent for processing. any ach returns resulting from issues like insufficient funds or closed account will change a status of payment to returned - this payment then can be resubmited with potentially different account number for debit. payor users manage payor profile which contains a set of canadian banking deposit accounts - these are accounts available to receivable customer to select when initiating payment,